{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Brandon Slaght\
Project 3\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'93I affirm that I did not give or receive any unauthorized help on this project, and that all work will is my own\'94
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Improvements:\
\
I included a library (not mine) which is a media gallery that attaches to collection views.  This is shown in the media tab for the planets/moons.  So far I have only included media for this in the Mars section and Moon section (under Earth) because of ballooning app size.  \
I set up moons: you can now tap a planet\'92s moon to view it\'92s details.  I have several of Jupiter\'92s moons but the only one I had time to hardcode information for was Earth\'92s moon.  \
The info button now has links in it to the sources for the planet maps and media.  Tapping will take you to a web browser.  The icons also link to my personal website and github.\
I have included a skybox for the globe view, functionality to render planet\'92s rings, and a button in the globe view that resets the view in case the user moves the planet off screen.  The rotation in the globe view also pauses when you are touching it to pan.\
More of the planets look better now.  I included textures at whatever the highest resolution I could find them at was, up to 8k so that the app doesn\'92t run out of memory.  I also included normal maps when I could find them, which give the illusion of height even when applied to a flat surface.  These are most visible on the maps of the moon and Venus.  \
The planets in all models (that I completed) rotate at a rate to scale of what their actual rotation times are.  This is why Mercury and Venus seem stationary.  \
Not sure if this was in project 2 but now the details tab shows more information.\
Note that I didn\'92t have time to fill out information for many of the planets or their moons.  Coverage is partial right now but all the code is there, and adding more information is just a matter of hardcoding the rest of the values in.  \
The visibility tab now loads a web view of a site that provides visibility information because the math still is in progress to get it natively.  \
As for how it runs, I tested everything on an iPhone 7, and although the simulator is not memory bounded, all devices back to a 5s work.  \
\
If any of these features would be considered extra credit, I am all for it.}